And you can already start to see some things that we can clean up here.
We can just copy and paste this let's just create one more instance and says filters robot correctly
to we'll say that the we'll say 3 4 now just to keep this clean we'll say that the concept filter or
filtered robots should equal an empty array.
And this time we're searching for the letter A which doesn't exist in name.
And we expect the filtered robots to equal the dummy filter robots that we gave it
let's save
and we see that something is failing
because my mock props to is not defined.
We need to give it three.
And there you have it.
We've now tested our main page at least the main page method of filtered robots
and we also have some snapshot testing as well so let's just look at our code coverage for now.
Let's just around NPM run test dash dash dash dash coverage
and again this is always with testing there's always many more things they can do.
We see that May.
Main Page has a hundred percent but there is a branch percentage.
We're only testing 50 percent of the branch.
And you see that the uncovered line is on 28.
If we go back we can go to main page and see that we have an is pending on line 28.
How cool is that the test says.
All right we're testing that.
The card list is rendering because we're always testing with is pending is true as you can see here
and our in our mock props.
We always have is pending to false.
So we might want a test is pending to true as well.
And I'm going to leave that up to you to add the important concept here is that there are so many ways
to test.
You can always use the coverage your report as a reference but try to be smart about your tests and
make sure that you spend your time wisely because you're just going to have infinite things that you
can do but you only have limited time.
That's it for now.
I hope you have a better understanding of how container and components testing can be enhanced with
enzyme and snapshot testing.
And obviously the tools that come with just the rest of the test is something I'm leaving up to you
to complete four components and containers.
But let's get to actions constants and reduce hours.
We're gonna want to test those as well.
So in the next video we're going to do just that.
I'll see on that one by.